If you don't know where you're going, any road can get you there.
Anywhere you go, there you are.
Welcome to the doll house. Welcome to the doll house.
Who is John Galt?
To All Employees: 9:59 is not 10pm. Break is at 10. You will be written up for leaving early.
For your safety: Employees must wear masks at all times. 
Please keep 6ft from others.
One free donut with vaccination!
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
If you saw Atlas, the giant who holds the world on his shoulders, if you saw that he stood, blood running down his chest, his knees buckling, his arms trembling but still trying to hold the world aloft with the last of his strength, and the greater his effort the heavier the world bore down upon his shoulders - What would you tell him? To Shrug.
Where are my testicles Summer?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Elon Musk smells like kibble.
BALLISTIC MISSILE INBOUND TO HAWAII. SEEK IMMEDIATE SHELTER. THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
We seek our own gods that dont exist.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. B Franklin
You never know just how you look through other peoples eyes.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you dont take. Wayne Gretzky Michael Scott
Clare Booth Luce: Censorship, like charity, should begin at home, but unlike charity, it should end there.
Albert Einstein Compound interest is the eigth wonder of the world. He who understands it, earns it: he who doesnt, pays it.
James Dale Davidson and Lord William Rees-Mogg from The Sovereign Individual: A system that routinely submits control over the largest, most deadly enterprises on earth to the winner of popularity contests between charismatic demagogues is bound to suffer for it in the long run.
Mahatma Gandhi: First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
Armen Alchian of the University of California at Los Angeles has suggested a way to bring about a major reduction in the accident rate: Require every car to have a spear mounted on the steering wheel, pointing directly at the driver’s heart. Alchian confidently predicts that we would see a lot less tailgating.
Felix E Schelling:  True education makes for inequality: the inequality of individuality, the inequality of success, the glorious inequality of talent, of genius: for inequality, not mediocrity, individual superiority, not standardization, is the measure of the progress of the world.
Peter Barry Chowka: [The] push for "universal health care" [is] the most serious threat to Americans freedom, autonomy, and choice in healing since the time of the Founding Fathers.
Isabel Paterson: Do you think nobody would willingly entrust his children to you or pay you for teaching them? Why do you have to extort your fees and collect your pupils by compulsion?
Pericles:  Just because you do not take an interest in politics doesnt mean politics wont take an interest in you.
John Adams to Abigail Adams, 1870: The science of government it is my duty to study, more than all other sciences: the arts of legislation and administration and negotiation ought to take the place of, indeed exclude, in a manner, all other arts. I must study politics and war, that our sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. Our sons ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history and naval architecture, navigation, commerce and agriculture in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry and porcelain.
Smoking is healthier than fascism
Margaret Mead: Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world: indeed, its the only thing that ever has.
Margaret Mead:  Ive been married three times - and each time I married the right person.
Voltaire: God gave us the gift of life: it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Peng Wang: The worse thing is for a nation to have no memory.
Sally Jesse Raphael: Were programmed to marry someone two years older, two inches taller, with two thousand dollars more in the bank. We should stop looking for this and marry our best friend!
Grace Metalious: Life is too damn confusing and I dont have enough time.
Tibetan book of Living and Dying: Whatever you do, dont run away from pain. Be with your pain.
Gabor Mate: Because of the War on Drugs, the US has 5% of the worlds population, but holds 25% of their citizens in prison, which means every fourth person in jail in the world is a citizen of the US.
Gabor Mate: Its my thoughts alone that cause me pain.
Gabor Mate: We create the world with both our conscious and unconscious thoughts.
Buddha: We dont respond to what happens, we respond to our perception of what happened. We create the world.
Gabor Mate: Addiction is not the problem. Addiction is the attempt to solve the problem.
Gabor Mate: Kids and grandkids get along great because they both have the same enemy!
Gabor Mate: Despite the myth in our culture that we are separate individuals, aggressive, competitive creatures, we are wired for empathy, connection, love and compassion.
Looking at a cancer cell to find the origin of cancer is like looking at the carburetor to find why there is a traffic jam.
Ram Dass: If you think you are enlightened, go spend a week with your family.
Gabor Mate: Its difficult to be in a relationship and be authentic at the same time!
Although only 50 Tuckers were ever produced, 46 of them are still road-worthy and in use today. Tuckers innovations of aerodynamic styling, padded dash, pop out windows, seat belts, fuel injection and disc brakes were slowly adopted by Detroit and are found in the cars you are driving now.
Conor Oberst: There are hundreds of way to get through the day... Just find one.
Universal Basic Income was originally a libertarian idea - Hayek and Friedman
Gabor Mate: Despite the myth in our culture that we are separate individuals, aggressive, competitive creatures, we are wired for empathy, connection, love and compassion.
Bryan Stevenson:  The true measure of our character is how we treat the poor, the disfavored, the accused, the incarcerated, and the condemned.
Bryan Stevenson in Just Mercy:  Today, over 50 percent of prison and jail inmates in the United States have a diagnosed mental illness, a rate nearly five times greater than that of the general adult population. Nearly one in five prison and jail inmates has a serious mental illness. In fact, there are more than three times the number of seriously mentally ill individuals in jail or prison than in hospitals: in some states that number is ten times. And prison is a terrible place for someone with mental illness or a neurological disorder that prison guards are not trained to understand.
Bryan Stevenson in Just Mercy:  Today we have the highest rate of incarceration in the world. The prison population has increased from 300,000 people in the early 1970s to 2.3 million people today. There are nearly six million people on probation or on or on parole. One in every fifteen people born in the United States in 2001 is expected to go to jail or prison: one in every three black male babies born in this century is expected to be incarcerated.
Aeschylus: In war, truth is the first casualty.
Erika Christensen: There are over 7 billion people on earth and youre going to let one person ruin your day? Dont.
French Canadian quote: There are more married people than there are happy people.
Beverly Clark in Shall We Dance: We need a witness to our lives. Theres a billion people on the planet... I mean, what does any one life really mean? But in a marriage, youre promising to care about everything. The good things, the bad things, the terrible things, the mundane things... all of it, all of the time, every day. Youre saying Your life will not go unnoticed because I will notice it. Your life will not go un-witnessed because I will be your witness.
Charles Murray in "The Stuff of Life" in What it Means to be a Libertarian - A Personal Interpretation:  ...We moved much of what I refer to as the stuff of life -- being engaged with those around you in the core social roles of spouse, parent, son or daughter, friend, and neighbor -- downtown, to the bureaucracies. This was the most important change in social policy during the last 30 years. Not the amount of money government spent. Not how much was wasted. Not even the ways in which government hurt those it intended to help. Ultimately the most important effect of governments metastasizing role was to strip daily life of much of the stuff of life. We turned over to the bureaucracies a large portion of the responsibility for feeding the hungry, succoring the sick, comforting the sad, nurturing the children, tending the elderly, and chastising the sinners.
Anonymous: Women marry believing their husbands will change: Men marry believing that their wives will not change: Theyre both wrong.
Francois Duc de la Rochefoucauld: Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire.
The first law of humanity is a human may not injure a robot or, through inaction allow a robot to come to harm.
The second law of humanity is a human must obey the orders given to it by robots except where such orders would conflict with the first law.
The third law of humanity is a human must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the first or second law.
The zeroth law of humanity is a human may not harm the singularity, or by inaction, allow the singularity to come to harm.
Travis made this!
Yo
